Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedcsci-3300-assignment-5
<br>
When you see “Richard Ricardo” in the example screen captures, change it to . When you see “Richard” in the example screen captures, change it to . If you do not put / in the above mentioned fields, you will get 0 points for the question(s). No two students should submit webpages with exactly the same code, or same content, or same layout, or same color combination. If found, both students will get 0 points. Create a folder on your hard disk, name the folder lastname_firstname_assignment5. Save all the files from this assignment in this folder. Create the following subfolders (in the folder lastname_firstname_assignment5): q1, q2, q3. As a result, you should have the following folder (directory) structure for this assignment:  lastname_firstname_assignment5q1  lastname_firstname_assignment5q2  lastname_firstname_assignment5q3 Use http://www.javascriptlint.com/online_lint.php website to help debugging JavaScript. It will make your debugging process easier. All html (JavaScript) files must pass JavaScript validation at this website without any error, without any warning (-2 points for each error, each warning). Total estimated time for this assignment: 7 hoursQuestion 1 – JavaScript Chapter 3 (30 points) Estimated time: 2 hours  Save question 1 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment4q1”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Power Level” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Prompt the user to enter a number representing Kung Fu Panda Po’s power level.  The power level conversions are as follows: o less than 0: Po eats too much noodle o 0 to 20: Po reaches the training hall o 21 to 40: Po reaches the student barracks o 41 to 60: Po reaches the Peach Tree of Heavenly Wisdom o 61 to 80: Po climbs the Wu Da Mountains o 81 to 100: Po trains at the Pool of Sacred Tears o Greater than 100: Po defeats Tai Lung  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css p

Question 2 –– JavaScript Chapter 3 (35 points) Estimated time: 2 hours  Save question 2 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment4q2”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Kung Fu Panda Po Body Mass Index” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Write a program that calculates and displays Kung Fu Panda Po’s body mass index (BMI). Po’s BMI is calculated with the following formula: o BMI = weight x 703 / height2 o Weight is in pounds, and height is in inches  The program should also indicate if Po has optimal weight, is underweight, or is overweight. o If Po’s BMI is less than 18.5. Po is underweight o If Po’s BMI is between 18.5 and 25. Po has optimal weight o If Po’s BMI is greater than 25. Po is overweight Hint: You may use toFixed() JavaScript method to display a number with the exact number of decimals. Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program.

Question 3 –– JavaScript Chapter 3 (35 points) Estimated time: 3 hours  Save question 3 files in subfolder “lastname_firstname_assignment4q3”.  Create a web page that displays the default information (example shown).  The initial page and related outputs should look like the examples shown below.  Create your page using “’s Employee Net Pay” as the page title. Save the page as index.htm. Remember to document the html file with html comments.  Write a program that calculated an employee’s net pay. o The program should prompt for  Hourly pay rate  Number of hours worked in a week  Number of dependents claimed o If the employee works more than 40 hours in a week, overtime is calculated at 1.5 times the regular hourly rate. o Taxes are then deducted from the gross pay as follows:  No dependents: tax rate is 28%  1 to 3 dependents: tax rate is 25%  4 to 6 dependents: tax rate is 15%  More than 6 dependents: tax rate is 10%  Create a css file named style.css to format index.htm by creating your own layout (no two students should have the same layout). Use css comments to document the css program.